Update Istio documentation according to changes in Helm Chart v3 (#1814)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/saas-cloud/istio.md

| transpose row _timeslice column response_code
```

## Collecting Logs and Metrics for the Istio App

This section provides instructions for collecting logs and metrics for the Sumo App for Istio. Logs and metrics are collected with the [Sumo Logic Kubernetes Collection Helm Chart](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection).

> If you do not have Kubernetes Collection set up, go [here](/docs/observability/kubernetes) to learn more and check [Kubernetes Quickstart](/docs/observability/kubernetes/quickstart.md) to see installation instruction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've not yet set up Kubernetes Collection, visit our [Kubernetes](/docs/observability/kubernetes) and [Kubernetes Quickstart](/docs/observability/kubernetes/quickstart) docs to learn how to install.
```

Author: changed

This app supports Istio versions 1.8.x and 1.9.x+. Configure log and metrics collection with the Sumo Logic Helm chart, using one of the following options:

Log Collection:

1. Enable [Access Logging](https://istio.io/latest/docs/tasks/observability/logs/access-log/#enable-envoy-s-access-logging) to write logs to stdout.

  The [Sumo Logic Kubernetes Collection Helm Chart](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection) will automatically capture the logs from stdout and will send the logs to Sumologic.

Metrics Collection:

> 1. If you did install using the [Sumo Logic Kubernetes Helm Chart](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection):
> 
>    * Update the Helm Chart values file with the following config:
>   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you installed using the [Sumo Logic Kubernetes Helm Chart](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection):
   * Update the Helm Chart values file with the following config:
 
```

Author: changed
